culture.indian=Indienne
culture.fullname=Les indiens

village.indian_agricole_hamlet=hameau agricole
village.indian_agricole=village agricole
village.indian_controlled=village contrôlé
village.indian_customcontrolled=village contrôlé perso
village.indian_fort_hamlet=hameau militaire
village.indian_fort=fort
village.indian_palace=palais

villager.indian_boy=Garçon
villager.indian_girl=Fille
villager.indian_teenagerMale=Jeune
villager.indian_teenagerFemale=Jeune
villager.indian_lumberman=Bûcheron
villager.indian_miner=Mineur
villager.indian_pandit=Prêtre
villager.indian_peasant=Paysan
villager.indian_peasantwife=Paysanne
villager.indian_rajputgeneral=Général rajput
villager.indian_richwoman=Femme riche
villager.indian_soldier=Soldat rajput
villager.indian_villagechief=Chef du village
villager.indian_smith=Forgeron
villager.indian_armysmith=Forgeron militaire
villager.indian_sculptor=Sculteur
villager.indian_panditayin=Femme du prêtre
villager.indian_raja=
villager.indian_rani=
villager.indian_merchant=Marchand
villager.indian_lonetrader=Marchand isolé
villager.indian_adivasipeasant=Paysan adivasi
villager.indian_adivasipeasantwife=Paysanne adivasi
villager.indian_sadhu=
villager.merchant_oriental=Marchand Perse
villager.merchant_adivasi=Marchand Adivasi
villager.merchant_villagewoman=Villageoise commercante

shop.townhall=Magasin central
shop.forge=Outils
shop.armyforge=Armes & armures
shop.adivasifarm=Produits adivasi
shop.deserttradeoutpost=Marchandises précieuses
shop.sculptor=Achat de pierre