quarrybyzantine_A0=Kamieniołom
grovebyzantine_A0=Zagajnik
testfarm_A0=Farma
testfarm_A_backerei_A0=Młyn
churchbyzantine_A0=Skrzydło kościelne
churchbyzantine_A9=Cerkiew
churchbyzantine_A_altar_A0=Ołtarz
artisanbyzantine_A0=Dom rzemieślniczy
workshopbyzantine_A0=Warsztat
ancienttemplebyzantine_A0=Starożytna świątynia
ancienttheatrebyzantine_A0=Antyczny teatr
bakerybyzantine_A0=Piekarnia
placebyzantine_A0=Świetlica
fortbyzantine_A0=Fort
forgebyzantine_A0=Kuźnia
villa urbana_A0=Willa
tavernbyzantine_A0=Tawerna
bakerybyzantine_A0=Piekarnia
fisherbyzantine_A0=Chata rybaka
lumberbyzantine_A0=Chata drwala
watchtowerbyzantine_A0=Wieża strażnicza
chapelbyzantine_A0=Kaplica
farmbyzantine_A0=Farma
sheepbyzantine_A0=Pastwisko dla owiec
playerfortbyzantine_A0=Fort
innbyzantine_A0=Gospoda
guesthousebyzantine_A0=Domek gościnny
basilkabyzantine_A0=Hala targowa
barracksbyzantine_A0=Koszary
barracksbyzantine_A_bed_A0=Sypialnia w koszarach
presbyterybyzantine_A0=Prezbiterium
fortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Kuźnia
playerfortbyzantine_A_forge_A0=Kuźnia
well_A0=Studnia

oaktower_A0=Wieża strażnicza
birchtower_A0=Wieża strażnicza
pinetower_A0=Wieża strażnicza
jungletower_A0=Wieża strażnicza

placebyzantine_a_basilica_a0=Forum
vineyardbyzantine_a0=Winnica
grovebirchbyzantine_a0=Brzozowy zagajnik
silkfarmbyzantine_a0=Farma jedwabiu
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fortowa sypialnia
fortbyzantine_a_bed3_a0=Fortowa sypialnia
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Fortowa sypialnia
fortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Fortowa sypialnia
playerfortbyzantine_a_bed1_a0=Fortowa sypialnia
fortbyzantine_a_bed2_a0=Fortowa sypialnia
lighthouse_a0=Latarnia morska
architectbyzantine_a0=Architect's Studio
lonecastle_a_living_a0=Lone Fort Bedroom
lonecastle_a0=Lone Fort
lonesheepfarm_a0=Pastwisko dla owiec na odludziu
lonesheepfarm_b0=Pastwisko dla owiec na odludziu
groveoakbyzantine_a0=Dębowy zagajnik

lonecastle_a_training_a0=Plac ćwiczebny
lonecastle_a_praying_a0=Kapliczka

gifthouse_a0=Prezent
playersmallhouse_a0=Mały dom


crossbyzantine_a0=Przydrożny krzyż
parkbyzantine_a0=Brzoza
parkbyzantine_b0=Dąb
parkbyzantine_c0=Dąb
parkbyzantine_d0=Park
shrinebyzantine_a0=Kaplica
wellbyzantine_a0=Studnia
wellbyzantine_b0=Studnia