
abbey_A0= 
archives_A0= 
armoury_A0= 
bakery_A0=Piekarnia
carpenterhouse_A0=Dom cieśli
cattlefarm_A0=Farma bydła
church_A0=
church_A2=Kościół
farm_A0=Farma
farm_B0=Farma
forge_A0=
fort_A0=
fort_A_lefttower_A0=Wieża strażnicza
fort_A_righttower_A0=Wieża strażnicza
grove_A0=Zagajnik
grove_B0=Zagajnik
grove_C0=Zagajnik
darkoakgrove_a0=Zagajnik ciemnego dębu
guardhouse_A0=Dom gościnny
guesthouse_A0=Dom gościnny
guildhouse_A0=
inn_A0=Inn
lumbermanhut_A0=Chata drwala
lumbermanhut_B0=Chata drwala
manor_A0=
market_A0=Targ
pigfarm_A0=Farma świń
playerestate_A0=Miejska posiadłość
playerhugefield_A0=Ogromna działka
playerlargefield_A0=Duża działka
playerlargehouse_A0=Dom burżuazji
playersmallfield_A0=Mała działka
playersmallhouse_A0=Mały dom
presbytery_A0=
quarry_A0=Kamieniołom
sheepchickenfarm_A0=Farma owiec
tavern_A0=
watchtower_A0=Wieża strażnicza
fountain_A0=
largefountain_A0=
well_A0=Studnia
alchemyworkshop_A0=
townhall_A0=
townhallagricole_A0=
largefort_A_armoury_A0=
largefort_A_barrack_A0=Stróżówka
largefort_A0=
playerlargefort_A0=

playerfort_A0=
anomalyone_A0=
anomalytwo_A0=
anomalythree_A0=

custom_chickenfarm=Farma kurczaków

lonelumbermanhut_A0=Chata drwala
lonelumbermantaigahut_A0=Chata drwala
lonemine_A0=
loneabbey_A0=
ruinedfarm_A0=
ruinedfarm_B0=
ruinedfarm_C0=
banditlair_A0=Kryjówka bandytów
alchemisttower_A0=
bandittower_A0=
abandonedmill_A0=Porzucony młyn
abandonedmine_A0=
abandonedtower_A0=Zniszczona wieża
loneinn_A0=Gospoda na odludziu
lonemill_A0=Młyn wodny na odludziu
feloncastle_A0=
pantheon_A0=

gifthouse_a0=Prezent