archives_A0=Temple Archives
armyforge_A0=Army Forge
bazaar_A0=Market
brickkiln_A0=Brick Kiln
chiefhouse_A0=Chief's House
chiefhouse_B0=Chief's House
forge_A0=Forge
fort_A0=Fort
fort_A_forge_A0=Fort's Forge
fort_A_soldierhouse_A0=Barrack
grove_A0=Grove
guesthouse_A0=Guest House
inn_A0=Inn
largepeasanthouse_A0=Large House
largepeasanthouse_A_secondary_A0=Secondary House
lumbermanhouse_A0=Lumberman's House
paddy_A0=Paddy
palace_A0=Palace
pandithouse_a0=Pandit's House
peasanthouse_A0=Peasant's House
peasanthouse_B0=Peasant's House
peasanthouse_C0=Peasant's House
playerestate_A0=Mansion
playerhugefield_A0=Very Large Field
playerlargefield_A0=Large Field
playerpalace_A0=Player's Palace
playersmallfield_A0=Small Field
playersmallhouse_A0=Small House
quarry_A0=Quarry
quarry_B0=Quarry
scultorhouse_A0=Stone Carver's House
soldierhouse_A0=Soldier's House
spicegarden_A0=Spice garden
sugarplantation_A0=Sugarcane Plantation
tank_A0=Stepwell
villagetemple_A0=Village Temple

//extra buildings:
well_A0=Well

//lone buildings:
adivasifarm_A0=Adivasi Farm
adivasifarm_B0=Adivasi Farm
deserttradeoutpost_A0=Desert Trading Post
indiandesertedfarm_A0=Destroyed Indian Farm
loneshrine_A0=Lone Hindu Shrine
ruinedfort_A0=Ruined Fort
sadhutree_A0=Sadhu's Tree
sandblasted_A0=Deserted Trading Post

gifthouse_a0=Gift House

hindushrine_a0=Hindu Statue
villagetree_a0=Village Tree